# whoami

I’ve always been curious about how things function, especially those that have many intricate parts and problems. My first ever exposure to ”hacking” was an IDOR on a local news website, I became more interested in the subject. Since then I’ve learnt that Security involves more than just trying to break into some computers or making an ~~XSS popup~~. Security means having a complete understanding of a system, or a concept and knowing it like the back of your hand. When I realized that the security field not only wanted you to fully understand them but also allowed you to break them open, fix them, and occasionally do things that are completely out of the ordinary and illogical from a normal point of view, I knew I had found my calling. This is when I first fell in love with this field and realised its beauty.

I have been developing my profile since 2019 by solving challenges, breaking into systems on both [TryHackme ](https://tryhackme.com/p/Kaiser784)and [HackTheBox](https://app.hackthebox.com/profile/464734). Additionally, I have regularly participated in CTFs for the past two years, which you can view [here](https://ctftime.org/user/108221). I’ve been working toward security certifications as well, and after earning an eJPT (elearnsecurity Junior Penetration Tester) credential, I’m now aiming for an Offensive Security professional credential. In my [GitHub](https://github.com/Kaiser784), you can see some of my Security-Course work and the projects that I’ve worked on. I’ve also worked to raise security awareness at my university by hosting CTFs, security workshops, and seminars.

You're welcome to follow my journey on here where I'll be posting my findings, experience and research. There is no comment option here but you could reach out to me on LinkedIN or Twitter (not linking for a bit of OSINT) but do rate the articles in this blog with the emoticons at the end of the page

